Update 'What?' section of index (#14)
git-bom/site: content/_index.md

**[GitBOM](/glossary/gitbom)** is a minimalistic scheme for [build tools](/glossary/build_tool) to:
1. Build a compact [artifact tree](/glossary/artifact_tree), tracking every source code file incorporated into each built [artifact](/glossary/artifact).
2. Embed a unique, content-addressable reference for that [artifact tree](/glossary/artifact_tree/), the [GitBOM identifier](/glossary/gitbom/#gitbom-identifier), into the [artifact](/glossary/artifact) at build time.

[GitBOM](/glossary/gitbom) is designed to:
- Consistently construct verifiable [artifact trees](/glossary/artifact_tree) across languages, environments, and packaging formats, with zero developer effort, involvement, or awareness
- Enable automatic, verifiable [artifact](/glossary/artifact) resolution across today's diverse software supply chains
- Complement SBOMs, such as [SPDX](https://spdx.dev/), [CycloneDX](https://cyclonedx.org/), or [SWID](https://nvd.nist.gov/products/swid)
- Co-exist with, but not require, version control systems

{{% notification type="info" %}}
**[GitBOM](/glossary/gitbom) is NOT** (contrary to the name's appearance):
- [Git](/glossary/git)

> - An [SBOM](/resources/glossary/#sbom), nor a replacement for SBOMs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An [SBOM](/resources/glossary/sbom), nor a replacement for SBOMs
```

- A version control system
- A signing scheme

It is compatible with, and augments, these classes of tools.
{{% /notification %}}

> [GitBOM](/glossary/gitbom) applies the [Unix Philosophy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_philosophy) of "do one thing, and do it well."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: re-read this a few times and I keep coming back -- I feel like this line belongs in the "Why?" section

Author: Makes sense to me

{{< /home/section >}}

{{< home/section title="Why?" >}}

> By correlating every software [artifact](/glossary/artifact) to a verifiable, complete, and concise [artifact tree](/glossary/artifact_tree), GitBOM enables run-time detection of potential vulnerabilities, regardless of the depth in a dependency tree from which that vulnerability originated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[GitBOM](/glossary/gitbom) applies the [Unix Philosophy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_philosophy) of "do one thing, and do it well."

By correlating every software [artifact](/glossary/artifact) to a verifiable, complete, and concise [artifact tree](/glossary/artifact_tree), GitBOM enables run-time detection of potential vulnerabilities, regardless of the depth in a dependency tree from which that vulnerability originated.
```

In short, it would let anyone easily answer the question, "Does this product contain log4j?"
{{< /home/section >}}

{{< home/section title="How?" >}}

> [GitBOM](/glossary/gitbom) is creative re-purposing of [git](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git)'s [directed acyclic graph](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directed_acyclic_graph).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[GitBOM](/glossary/gitbom) creatively re-purposes [git](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git)'s [directed acyclic graph](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directed_acyclic_graph) to do all this.
```

Reviewer: this comment is actually a refinement of my own original statement, which you copied. not a critique of your work but my own 😅
